Data Manager Documentation Update (#951)
CitrineInformatics/citrine-python: docs/source/getting_started/datasets.rst

    # pass the Dataset object to the registration endpoint
    Strehlow_Cook_dataset = band_gaps_team.datasets.register(Strehlow_Cook_dataset)

Deleting a Dataset
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

A Dataset can be deleted using the team from which it originates. Note that the Dataset must be empty before deleting it.

Example
^^^^^^^

Assume you have a "band gaps team" with known id, ``band_gaps_team_id``, and are trying to delete a Dataset within that project with known id, ``strehlow_cook_dataset_id``.

.. code-block:: python

    # get the team the dataset is in
    band_gaps_team = citrine.teams.get(band_gaps_team_id)

    # delete the dataset
    band_gaps_team.datasets.delete(strehlow_cook_dataset_id)
   

Dataset Access, Sharing, and Transfer
-------------------------------------

When a Dataset is created on the Citrine Platform, only members of the Team in which it was created can see it and interact with it.

Sharing With a Specific Project
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

A Dataset can be shared with another team using the :func:`~citrine.resources.team.Team.share` method on the original project.

Example
^^^^^^^

> Assume you have a "band gaps team" with known id, ``band_gaps_team_id``, and an associated Dataset with known id, ``strehlow_cook_dataset_id``. You would like to share the "strehlow cook Dataset" with another team, "semiconductors team" with a known id ``semiconductors_id``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assume you have a "band gaps team" with known id, ``band_gaps_team_id``, and an associated Dataset with known id, ``strehlow_cook_dataset_id``.
You would like to share the "strehlow cook Dataset" with another team, "semiconductors team" with a known id ``semiconductors_id``.
```

    band_gaps_team = citrine.teams.get(band_gaps_team_id)

    # create the Dataset object
    Strehlow_Cook_description = "Band gaps for elemental and binary semiconductors with phase and temperature of measurement. DOI 10.1063/1.3253115"
    Strehlow_Cook_dataset = Dataset(name="Strehlow and Cook", summary="Strehlow and Cook band gaps", description=Strehlow_Cook_description)

    # pass the Dataset object to the registration endpoint
    Strehlow_Cook_dataset = band_gaps_team.datasets.register(Strehlow_Cook_dataset)

Deleting a Dataset
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

A Dataset can be deleted using the team from which it originates. Note that the Dataset must be empty before deleting it.

Example
^^^^^^^

Assume you have a "band gaps team" with known id, ``band_gaps_team_id``, and are trying to delete a Dataset within that project with known id, ``strehlow_cook_dataset_id``.

.. code-block:: python

    # get the team the dataset is in
    band_gaps_team = citrine.teams.get(band_gaps_team_id)

    # delete the dataset
    band_gaps_team.datasets.delete(strehlow_cook_dataset_id)
   

Dataset Access, Sharing, and Transfer
-------------------------------------

> When a Dataset is created on the Citrine Platform, only members of the Team in which it was created can see it and interact with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Immediately after a Dataset is created on the Citrine Platform, only members of the Team in which it was created can see it and interact with it.
```
